docs(prefer-expect-query-by): fix typo (#23)
Belco90/eslint-plugin-testing-library: docs/rules/prefer-expect-query-by.md

# Disallow the use of `expect(getBy*)` (prefer-expect-query-by)

> The (DOM) Testing Library support two types of queries: `getBy*` and `queryBy*`. Using `getBy*` throws an error in case the element is not found. This is useful when using method like `waitForElement`, which are `async` functions that will wait for the element to be found until a certain timeout, after that the test will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The (DOM) Testing Library allows to get DOM elements using different queries such as `getBy*` and `queryBy*`. Using `getBy*` throws an error in case the element is not found. This is useful when using method like `waitForElement`, which are `async` functions that will wait for the element to be found until a certain timeout, after that the test will fail.
```

> The (DOM) Testing Library support two types of queries: `getBy*` and `queryBy*`. Using `getBy*` throws an error in case the element is not found. This is useful when using method like `waitForElement`, which are `async` functions that will wait for the element to be found until a certain timeout, after that the test will fail.

Author: Much better, yes.

> The (DOM) Testing Library support two types of queries: `getBy*` and `queryBy*`. Using `getBy*` throws an error in case the element is not found. This is useful when using method like `waitForElement`, which are `async` functions that will wait for the element to be found until a certain timeout, after that the test will fail.

Reviewer 2: Was this finally changed? I don't see it commit yet.

> The (DOM) Testing Library support two types of queries: `getBy*` and `queryBy*`. Using `getBy*` throws an error in case the element is not found. This is useful when using method like `waitForElement`, which are `async` functions that will wait for the element to be found until a certain timeout, after that the test will fail.

Reviewer: No, it hasn't been changed. Can you commit the suggestion @aarongarciah?

> The (DOM) Testing Library support two types of queries: `getBy*` and `queryBy*`. Using `getBy*` throws an error in case the element is not found. This is useful when using method like `waitForElement`, which are `async` functions that will wait for the element to be found until a certain timeout, after that the test will fail.

Reviewer 3: Thanks for the improvement! 👌

> The (DOM) Testing Library support two types of queries: `getBy*` and `queryBy*`. Using `getBy*` throws an error in case the element is not found. This is useful when using method like `waitForElement`, which are `async` functions that will wait for the element to be found until a certain timeout, after that the test will fail.

Author: > No, it hasn't been changed. Can you commit the suggestion @aarongarciah?

Done!
